people that it's time that one ottawa
nautical and cruise to stroll here
today the deal will take a little tip
there the distance will decrease from here
little pipe 4 when finished is a taste of
to see
sometimes it feels like when the
cruise is at a better time of the game
that neither the Brazilian team that is a team
who is playing the championship has no
a mixture of modesty and a part
mixed with armory outside
that played as mauro put in the blog
another day and 43 seconds playing the ball
with go seems a little barcelona looks
there is a bayern from Munich going straight and
will count on speed because he
it's very different from the others you say
compare the performance of the cruise with
performances that I wake up an example came
to be only in the example of Basque and
flamengo who had brasilia is another
nursery seems to have had the planet
cruise
if you compare with the classic of
million once old classic
millions
besides the classic that brought together the
public of the round
then the cruise tastes good enough that
has a team that gives pleasure because the
others are not giving this taste
especially the teams on the Rio de
January and the São Paulo teams
no sir taking the Portuguese with a
20 times on girl's championship
São Paulo team this reaction of the
who will make the second round and
bright return
Besides, my people are the championship more
exciting story of all time
not by the title they have already defended by
everything that is happening that can give
anything is so jammed so
confused so little apart from one another
What do you say the Flemish will fall?
it's not outrageous
but if you say that Flemish can
staying in the g4 is very far almost
It may happen I'll tell you what the saints
can stay in the liberators want to have
chance of having more places for the
athletic champion of the brazilian cup is
possible the saints may fall
it is very difficult but who knows
corinthians also because of the
Corinthians is a team that has a
supporter here at the table you want can
fall can